dynamic values (#1850)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/form-section.md

- **var** - _[required]_ variable name.
- **type** - _[required]_ type of field, as defined by JSON Schema.

> - **defaultValue** - default value to use for the variable when opening the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **defaultValue** - default value used for the variable when opening the form.
```
